all right well it is the third day of
worlds group stage and I'm joined right
now by prolly who is the coach of
hundred T yep that's that's me probably
touch 100 T and this coverage of course
brought to you by you Gigi so probably I
don't know if you've been online but
thanks before today's game at least have
not been good for not just na but also
100 T it's been rough I don't know if
you're seen any of that I have not seen
any of that I think part of the reason
why I'm still a human structured and
being able to work is probably a lot of
my avoidance of social media and the
reddits of the types I thought you might
say that so I printed off some of the I
was kidding I really believed you were
gonna pull something was like well you
really are an asshole
it's like but it's like all bound and
laminated I'm like so here's some of the
reddit comments looks really this one
says something about you I don't know
why you and your family and your face oh
my god yeah I just wanted to make sure
you experienced that no but
realistically there is just a lot like
first off just na is just sucking really
hard right yeah and in Korea sucking too
so that's kinda nice play but what
what's the problem I will drill into 100
T in a second but just overall what do
you think is happening with Korea or
North America or Butler North America uh
I get kind of too early a bit to like
know exactly like right now everyone's
like just like shooting in the dark like
this is the problem is the problem
one thing that like I felt watching all
the North American teams and like
screaming all the international teams
one big difference is like maybe it's
just North America likes to look for a
lot of like team macro movements or
something but I definitely felt like
maybe regional pride when we would scrim
and people would like take their lanes
very seriously like you misuse one skill
and like they like all in and fight and
usually North America it's like you know
this guy miss played I'm gonna push and
then we're gonna go group and do
something so it feels like everyone else
took laning a lot more seriously in
other regions and so now you're seeing a
lot like just better laners performing
better than North American leaners and
that's just honestly we've seen what
four games five games so it's like
sample size is still really small so I
can't say like for sure if that's it but
that's just like the initial feeling I
got was like all these other laners that
we're playing it's internationally like
I can feel them like you're not gonna
take my lane like this is mine and North
America's like you go we'll teamfight
later yeah I mean it for me it feels
like a lot of the things that are
falling apart are happening kind of in
the mid-teens a Team Liquid games I
don't know if you're busy during that
time I did not see the last one I saw
the Katie one well do you remember how
on Katie they go forbearance and then
die afterwards are da bears dragons yep
that's that's what how you you've now
seen the other game what's happened
today so I don't know it's just it's a
it's a little disheartening I mean I
think the expectations are pretty low
for North America this year but I
remember the dragon thing now sorry my
brain is a little slow but now I'm
caught up
yeah actually it's funny that you
mentioned that in the Katie game where
they like traded dragon for Baron if
they didn't really they just like got
fought at dragon this is actually
weakness teal had in North America but
the North American teams were always so
behind from like you know double if we
winning Lane really hard so the
transitions to Dragon were really like
free no one could get could test it and
even the few teams that would like
sometimes that would get TL punished so
like scenes he'll go in for a dragon
that they like actually couldn't take at
a time it wasn't really surprising to
see like from my perspective it was just
like whenever I saw in North America's
like the other team just wasn't good
enough to punish it so like teal kind of
like got away for free so seen them
their name is Katie is like oh yeah this
is like you know we just couldn't punish
this so they didn't maybe know this was
a mistake that we're making because
they're just doing it and getting away
with it so that's actually yeah when I
watched Katie game that's a funny thing
to watch not funny it's like yeah like
dammit we could have we could have done
that Ben Katie destroy to yell boo we
weren't good enough well let's let's
hone in 200t so yesterday was a rough
day for hunter tea and I was a little
worried that things would be shattered
after that right because that was a
really tough game so maybe talk to me a
little bit about the game and sort of
how you guys recovered from that
afterwards oh yeah we got thick skin we
had three oh by liquid and spring the
hose
way more demoralizing I was like because
that was also the end right so after TL
series and spring we're like alright
let's play again in two months guys like
hopefully in two months we could play
again so at least now it's like cool
that sucked let's get up and go like
fight again and yeah it was kind of like
that it wasn't really big it's still
best of one so it's never like you feel
like you have no chance there's always
kind of like hope on the bright side
it's like still best one it's still like
showing up the best on that day can
change it so I mean I also have a good
experience from 2016 worlds when we
actually went further in the tournament
the beginner that tournament sucked we
like we lost you know we're like 1 2 or
something like that and it looked
terrible for us so seeing that like go
down early on doesn't like affect me
that much and maybe I can give that to
the players a bit but with all of North
America's going down that kind of sucks
more so it's like someone do well so we
can cheer him on what is going on with
Cody son because a lot of people are
like wish they were playing Cody son and
said or so I've heard people in the
pressroom be like just just play Cody
son and then I've a lot of speculation
that like Cody son isn't screaming that
much based off of some of the like track
the pro website tracking stuff whatever
so what's going on over there
know we've been splitting time with him
like all bootcamp and then into this
these first two games we decided like
this is gonna be just our best chance of
winning with Ricardo so we told him a
few days ago like okay we'll be doing it
this way and so we've been just prepping
that way but he's been with us the
entire boot camp he's still with us
and this during these stage games so
it's just this is literally our best
chance to win so we are using Riccar
instead that just based off scrims like
you're seeing more success with or car
in scrims and kind of like how we're
playing with each ad carry so it's not
like if we win a scrim with a checkmark
this guy won this one scrim you know
let's tally it up who won and that's our
best chance of winning that's kind of
like yeah how it's like how like our
champion pulls in like our champions are
being played by each and like I mean
combinations with balling supports are
really important
so if we play a certain set of champions
like it unlocks a certain set of like
support champions too so it's just like
completely with BOTS like what's gonna
be best like mix and match and then also
kind of like our opponents playstyle I
think we're playing again other than
fanatic like IG is gonna be hella
aggressive and I think being able to
like sit back and like scale up is not
gonna work very well so us moving faster
and like practicing that kind of style
is more important I think yesterday
speaking of fnatic yesterday I
interviewed reckless I don't know if
you've heard about this have you heard
about this reckless reckless he said he
thinks hundreds he might be the worst
team at the tournament dude we're your
friends I mean they're 30 you might be
friends and like talk teams that's
good but wow what a jerk do you do you
do you dispute his claim that you guys
are the worst team at Worlds oh no
that's just we're just the worst team at
Worlds so everyone we get is just
miracle that's like let's put the bar
down here you can't see on the camera
it's like down there and then so sure
we're just the worst
today great upset by us I'm really proud
of us we went in with no hope destroyed
them probably negative chances of
winning but we still pull it out so I'm
really proud of us okay stepping aside
from recklessness comments how do you
what is it like with having hundred-seat
here versus when you you had been at
Worlds before with h2k and do you feel
is there a lot more work to be done on
100t like feels like there's more of a
rookie scenario there with recurrent for
instance and and and who still kind of
like revving up I think what what's
going on with ya you just your general
experience with the team during like
boot camp or like just what yeah you are
here at Worlds you used to be at worlds
with h2k there's probably differences in
that experience so what what are those
differences are you are you more nervous
with hundred T or do you believe in them
as much as you did it yet all that I
think both teams were like pretty
similar we're like going into the first
week like it was just rough start so it
like kind of exact same feelings I think
the biggest difference was with a
okay like I didn't have any rookies and
this is actually my first split even
like kind of coaching rookies a bit so
with Annie and anda and Bukhara keep
forgetting the game names
it is like kind of a new experience like
they're handling losses different than
everyone else because they haven't been
like beaten as much as everyone else
before and this is like their first
world so like kind of retracting back to
like how my mind was my very first
worlds it's like it is a lot different
it's coming in two worlds right now it's
like I know after this it's going to
like there is a you know bright rainbow
at the end of this no matter what
happens and with them I think it's a lot
more like do or die and maybe more like
pressure because it's their first time
and they really want to like make a name
for themselves so trying to get more
into the shoes of the rookies is like I
guess the biggest difference between
like the last time was our worlds last
time I was just like they're all
veterans just like you guys you guys are
grown up just like deal with the losses
let's go to the next day and now it's
more like passionate well that's
fascinating yeah it's just interesting
to kind of compare because you've been
you were here with Europe you're here
with North America maybe more of an
underdog here because North America it's
not as successful historically well
actually I think 2016 yeah that was like
the week that we did terrible like I
think all of you did terrible right yeah
first week maybe it's just us and
obviously we were all of Europe 2016 was
the NA year and I feel like yeah first
week was in a year so there's like
watching an a I was like and now I'm in
a and now he's doing great but I'm not
doing this I'm just saying and so in
both of those situations you were on the
side that wasn't doing well yeah I was
yeah I was on the losing side that lanta
koushin just boning me man yeah I just
wanted to clarify who I sometimes steal
questions from other media and there is
a woman here named Julia who's working
for rift Herald her hair is different
colors one side though one of the
questions she has this bag you pull the
questions out of and they're just kind
of random questions
and I didn't even know people do this do
you shake your milk before you pour it I
don't really I hate milk I think that
might be unpopular and if you if you for
five if you were to drink milk would you
shake the bottle first
oh absolutely right because if it's if
it's like sour right it gets chunky and
that would be the most terrifying thing
by the way I've seen chunky milk because
our refrigerator broke in Europe years
ago and I looked at that looked at it
and they're like look at this guys
there's like you're it's not very good
with cooling they're awful and we
actually have one of the the AC units
from Europe here because busan was very
hot for a couple days and there's nobody
in that settle so getting the AC units
back like brought me back to Europe oh
there's no built-in a/c here
so adorable well they're bad at cooling
but good at Worlds 2018 I think is what
I'm saying uh is there anything you
would say and I actually do mean this
seriously would you say anything to the
fans because there are a lot of people
who are like really nervous 400 T really
worried for North America I don't know
if you have anything that you would say
to any of those folks um I think it's
really fair I hope you guys understand
we are working really hard this is not
vacation time for us I hope everyone's
understanding that so all the strategies
and gameplay is what we think is the
best and we're putting all of our time
into it but I think it's very fair you
guys should be really pissed off when we
don't perform because why would you guys
be happy for us doing badly
you guys should yea be angry that we're
not representing North America as well
as we should so well hey thank you so
much probably congratulations on the win
today please do me a favor and some more
that would be nice I less of yesterday
more of today I think it's with you can
check out the rest of my coverage of all
things worlds right here on my youtube
channel funny story we are currently
recording this outro in like a little
vending machine booth thing there's like
a roof over the top of me anyway there's
a spider web hangout right in front of
Broden if he moves just two seconds
closer two inches what I don't know
centimeters I don't know what they
talked it there he'll get caught by a
spider web and it's it's gonna be really
complicated for him
and I'm a little worried but you know
what would help Brodin deal with that
spiderweb if we went to you Gigi because
you know sometimes you got caught in a
spider web of emotions and I don't know
what's happening you just go to the
description you Gigi did you is that
going through the spider I don't
understand you check check them out
they're in the description that'll make
sure you never lose champion select
again they're probably gonna have mixed
feelings about this outro in particular
so if you just click through a lot on
this one it might actually help them
because they're gonna be like what what
was that outro
but like it's late and I'm jet lagged
and that is a pretty big spider web
though Jesus